You mean you saved me in a car accident?
It's me, so the last few days you asked for leave were because of a car accident.
Yes, I'm afraid you're worried so I'm not kidding.
Why did you say he saved me?
What's going on?
I called an ambulance.
Well, last time I was in a coma after pushing the old lady out.
I woke up in the hospital.
This is the ambulance that he called to take us to the hospital.
So Secretary Ninh was also my life-saving benefactor.
Min Min, if you know that Secretary Ninh saved her, even told her to take her to the hospital.
So why then do you say that the secretary invites people for a date?
It's because my daughter's not feeling well.
Why do you think?
Talk to Me
She was worried that her grandmother couldn't sleep.
I'm afraid you're more worried.
So it's a blatant lie.
That's what it looks like.
It's also a blatant lie.
Oh, don't make him so bad.
So why didn't you speak up for so long?
Didn't I forget?
I don't lose money on mathematics.
He seems to have misunderstood too.
You don't just have a problem.
Choose the Mustang.
You're welcome.
This wedding dress.
Oh, you saved my sister, let alone a wedding dress.
It's just 100, ha ha.